# Nucleares Save Modder
A complex save modder that exposes a simple GUI to modify Nucleares save files.
---
# Notice
- This may or may not work above or below the tested versions. See [the tested and untested versions file.](tested_versions.md)
- Please back up your saves before modding, as this has the potential to break your saves.
- Reactor-related edits may or may not work, and could even destabilize or destroy the reactor if running.
- Please let us know your results! This will help us to make this work better in the future.
---
# Requirements
This script needs Python 3.11 or higher. It was tested on Python 3.14 on Ubuntu 26.04 LTS with Nucleares V 2.2.25.217 running under Steam Proton.
You need:
- Python 3.11 or higher ([3.14.5 install](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-3145/))
- Python Tkinter (it should be included with Python, but if it isn't, on Ubuntu for example you can run `sudo apt install python3-tk` to install it)
- All files in this repo

---
# How to use
1. Download the files by clicking on the green Code button.
2. Extract the .zip file
3. Run the `main_modder.py` script with Python (The others are just helpers)
4. Check the Github frequently for updates, as this will be updated frequently

You need to move all of your saves somewhere outside of the Nucleares save game folder, otherwise you may load the wrong save. Move the .sqlite files out as well.
The save modder doesn't know how to modify the .sqlite files because we have no idea what they do. It can only modify .xml files generated by Nucleares.
Save your game file as `savegame_025_00NNN.xml`, where the "NNN" can be replaced with any three digit numbers you want. You may now put this back into your save game folder.

Examples of where your save game folder might be:
- Windows: `C:\users\<your-user-here>\AppData\LocalLow\Aerilian\Nucleares\Savegames`

- Debian/Ubuntu/Debian-based Linux: `/home/<your-user-here>/.steam/debian-installation/steamapps/compatdata/1428420/pfx/drive_c/users/steamuser/AppData/LocalLow/Aerilian/Nucleares/Savegames`
---
# Currently working
- The `Player Stats` tab currently works, allowing you to modify your currency, level, and experience.
---
# Weird things
- There is a chance that using this tool on a save will make the music and other audio (such as alarms) play above normal speed when you launch the game for an unknown reason. 
---
# NOT WORKING
- Anything in the `Reactor Contro` and `Maintenance` tabs currently MAY/DO NOT WORK, AND COULD EVEN DESTROY YOUR REACTOR. USE THESE AT YOUR OWN RISK.
- Please report your experience and maybe even share your original and modded save games along with your `Player.log` in a Github Issue on this repo. This will help us improve the save game modder tool.
---
Feel free to help us by making Github issues and pull requests!
If anything happens with the tool itself, please copy the `Console Output` from the window and provide it when submitting your issue, along with your input (and output if it exists) files. If this was an issue that occurred in-game after loading a modded save, provide the `Player.log` file as well as the save and a recording if possible.
If you want to help with figuring out the differences in different configurations of the reactor, you could provide saves with different amounts of pumps, upgrades, etc. Provide a before and after save of these. This will make it so we can maybe even add new things into saves rather than just modding the current save state, or even letting you build your own reactor at some point in the future!
